Registration No: 340424913

Name: NIMMI PAUL

Recruitment of Junior Associates (Customer Support and Sales) and Junior Agricultural Associates in State Bank of India Advertisement No. CRPD/CR/2016-17/01

       1.  	This has reference to your application for the Junior Associates (Customer Support and Sales) and Junior Agricultural Associates in State Bank of India. You are called for the Preliminary Examination with Roll No 3590702341  on 28/05/16 at 1:00 PM.
 
       2.  	Your call letter, for Online Preliminary Examination, giving the date, time and venue address and Acquaint Yourself Booklet is available on the Bank’s website www.statebankofindia.com or www.sbi.co.in from 11.05.2016 onwards.
 
       3.  	Please download the Call letter/ Acquaint yourself Booklet from Bank’s website. This will not be sent by post. In case of any difficulty to download call letter, please send an email at helpdesk ID “sbirect@ibpsorg.org”.
 
       4.  	Please bring the following documents for the Examination failing which you will not be allowed to appear for the examination: 
(1)  	Call letter along with your photograph (which should be the same as that uploaded in the online application form) affixed on it 
(2)  	Photo Identity Proof in original as well as a photocopy.
 
       5.  	Please note that
 	
a.       	You have to be present at the examination hall prior to the time mentioned in the call letter. Candidates reporting 30 minutes after the reporting time will not be permitted to take the examination.
b.       	No candidate is permitted to use or have possession of Calculators, Mobile Phones, Pagers or any other communication devices in the Examination Hall.
c.       	A candidate will not be permitted to leave the examination hall till the time for the test is over and/ or permission to leave the examination hall is given by the test administrator.
d.       	In case of discrepancy in the identity -name, photograph and signature as uploaded in the online application form and in the call letter and photo-identity proof, the candidate may not be allowed to appear for the examination.
e.       	Please note that due to large number of applicants, some of the candidates have been allotted to examination centres other than their choice. We will not be in a position to consider any request for change of allotted centre.
f.       	Request for change of examination centre will not be considered.
       6.  	Scribe: A person who is a candidate for this recruitment, cannot be a scribe for another candidate.
Assistant General Manager
STATE BANK OF INDIA, 
CRPD, MUMBAI. 